Remove gtest & gmock files from installers (#62)
opendistro-for-elasticsearch/sql-odbc: BUILD_INSTRUCTIONS.md

**Note:** It is desirable to not run cmake directly in the 'src' directory, because it will generate build files inline with code.

### General CMake Options

**BUILD_WITH_TESTS**

> (Defaults to ON) If disabled, all tests will be excluded from build which will optimize the installer package size. This option can set with the command line via -D.

Reviewer: Maybe add a bit about dependencies to make it clearer
```suggestion
(Defaults to ON) If disabled, all tests and test dependencies will be excluded from build which will optimize the installer package size. This option can set with the command line (using `-D`).
```

Author: added
